fix: Updated nextcloud documentation (#18664)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/nextcloud-integration.mdx

    1. Create a file named `nri-flex-nextcloud.yml` in `/etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d`

>     2. Use our [configuration template](https://github.com/newrelic/nri-flex/blob/master/examples/json-read-cmd-example.yml) to update the fields `EVENT_TYPE` and `YOUR_DOMAIN` in the file named `nri-flex-nextcloud.yml`. The value on the `event_type` is used to store metrics in the NRDB. For example, you can update `EVENT_TYPE` to `NextcloudFlexMetrics`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Use our [configuration template](https://github.com/newrelic/nri-flex/blob/master/examples/json-read-cmd-example.yml) to update the fields `YOUR_EVENT_TYPE` and `YOUR_HOST_IP` in the file named `nri-flex-nextcloud.yml`. The value on the `event_type` is used to store metrics in the NRDB. For example, you can update `EVENT_TYPE` to `NextcloudFlexMetrics`
```

Author: @rhetoric101 You are correct. Updated the changes

    Your `nri-flex-nextcloud.yml` file should look like this:

       ```yml
       integrations:
         - name: nri-flex
           config:
             name: nextcloudFlex
             global:
               base_url: http://YOUR_HOST_IP/ocs/v2.php/apps/serverinfo/api/v1/
               user: nextcloud_username
               pass: nextcloud_password
             apis:

>                - event_type: EVENT_TYPE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               - event_type: YOUR_EVENT_TYPE
```
